At last,
the Cave of the Gorzoth.
Now I can open the door
to the riches of the ancients.
Yes, but first, how about
a visit to the gift shop?
What?
Guarding the Cave of the Gorzoth
doesn't pay much,
so I've got a little
side business going.
Key chain? T-shirt?
Corn dog?
What? I don't want a corn dog,
you idiot.
I want riches!
Oh! My Gorzoth!
Oh, no!
Aah!
Ooh!
My Gorzoth!
♪♪
*Mr. PICKLES*
Season 03   Episode 05
Episode Title :
"Gorzoth"
Mm.
- So...
- Hi!
- Aah!
- Morning, Goodmans!
I got lots of products today.
- Sorry, Linda.
- Huh?
Things are a little tight
for us right now.
And we're not
the only ones.
Well, I'd better
get off to work.
Don't buy anything, dear,
or I'll kill you.
Ah. Anyway...
I got a fish tank,
this baseball glove,
and this shiny thingy.
- $2 each.
- Huh.
That looks like it has something
to do to with Mr. Pickle...
No, I saw it first.
I'll take it,
whatever it is.
- It's a ball.
- What?
- Come on, ball.
- Tommy.
Let's go play ball.
Anyway, all proceeds
go to help the homeless.
Really?
Then I'll take it.
Anything to help
you get a home.
Wait, what?
You think I's homeless?
- Oh!
- What? Um...
Oh, why would you
think  I'm homeless?
Oh!
Oh, I didn't know
you had so much money.
You hurt my feelings,
Ms. Goodman.
I'm sorry.
Cheer up.
How?
Well, buying stuff
always cheers me up.
Buying stuff?
I like that idea.
Come on, girl.
We're going shopping.
♪ I just ♪
♪ Wanna have fun ♪
- Ah!
- ♪ Fun, fun, fun, fun ♪
Ooh!
♪ So let your hair fall down ♪
♪ Today we do what we want ♪
♪ We're gonna soak up the sun ♪
Whooo!
Ew!
Ooh.
♪ We've only begun ♪
You right, Ms. Goodman.
Buying stuff cheered me up.
I am so glad.
Uh, where are we?
Linda,
you got some money for us?
- Sorry, I spent it all.
- Would you like some food?
Oh, that'd be gre...
No! We want...
money.
Money. Money.
Linda, why are these
homeless people attacking us?
Aah!
Get off of my car!
♪♪
Whoa!
Run, Ms. Goodman!
- Aaaah!
- Money.
Money!
Lost... Gorzoth.
Will open door and give you...
No... me riches.
- Yay.
- Afternoon, Mime.
What's up, Blade?
What's up, Mr. BoJenkins?
Hey, Sheriff.
What's with all the snacks?
With the economy so bad,
I'm eating all I can
just in case the town
runs out of snacks.
No, these are my snacks,
Floyd.
- Aw.
- Whatever.
- Excuse me.
- Oh, what's up?
You seem to know
everybody in this town.
- Yeah.
- I'm looking for a trashy woman.
Oh, yeah?
Yes, trashy woman...
Do you know her?
Hum.
Do you know...
Do you know her?
Hum. Hum.
Quit eating snacks and answer
the question, you idiot!
Ah! My snacks!
You're under arrest
for snack-ery.
No!
Linda, what is going on?
Money!
Money.
This way, Ms. Goodman.
Linda? Oh!
Oh! Linda?
Linda, where are you?
Aah. Aah.
Oh!
Huh?
Uh, Linda, where are we?
This my home.
- Money.
Money.
Linda, your home
is so... interesting.
- Ohh!
- Shh.
Oh. Hi, Linda Jr.
Welcome to our home,
Mrs. Goodman.
Oh, Linda, what's wrong?
Every day I give all the money
I make to the homeless.
- Really?
- And today I failed them.
- Shh. Mama.
- Money.
Money!
See, many years ago,
a man asked me to help him
tie his shoe,
but I didn't,
so he tripped and fell.
- Oh!
- That  is sad, but...
He fell through the glass
of a shark tank.
Them sharks ate
5,000 people to deeeaaath!
- Oh.
- Shh.
Ever since then,
Mama Linda only feels good
when she's helping people.
Wow.
You were in a band?
Oh, yeah.
I play good.
- Linda's in here.
- Aah!
- Money!
- Oh, no!
- No, Tommy.
- Ball, ball, ball.
Give that to me.
Tommy, please.
No, Mr. Pickles.
It's my ball.
Tommy, it's not a ball.
I think it's a head.
Well, you can beg
all you want, Grandpa,
but I'm not gonna
give you head.
Say, what? What the hell's
the matter with you?
- Creepy-ass old man.
- What?
No. I-I didn't mean...
No, Tommy!
Oh, no, no.
Get off of me, son.
Money! I wanted to
help you homeless peoples,
- but I spent all the mo...
- Money!
Get back,
homeless people.
Come on. We be safe
in my bedroom.
Oh, wow.
Your bedroom is
actually really nice.
What's wrong with
the rest of my hou... Aah!
- Money!
- Maybe we can help you get jobs.
Oh, yeah.
I'll take a jo...
- We don't want jobs.
- Get her organs.
Yeah, we'll sell 'em for money.
Organs. Money.
Linda, help.
Ah! I got someone
to help again.
Oh, good.
- Hey, homeless.
- Huh?
I only wanted
to help you.
But now I got to
help Ms. Goodman!
♪♪
Mama Linda,
our escape route.
Oh.
- Aaaaaaaaaaaah!
- Whoooooa!
- Ugh!
- Oh!
- Sheriff!
- Oh, what's up?
The homeless,
they're after us.
Ms. Goodman
is a murderer.
- What?
- Oh, yeah?
In you go with
the other criminals.
Linda,
I don't understand.
Now you're safe from
the homeless forever.
- Wha... No, I'm innocent.
- Uh-oh.
Um, I got to
go do some emergency pooper work...
Uh, paperwork.
You're the one
who took my Gorzoth.
Your what-zoth?
Gorzoth, you idiot.
You know,
it's a golden head.
It opens up the door
to the riches of the ancients.
Oh, I sold that for $2.
$2?!
Well, if I take you to it,
will you share some of them
riches with the homeless people?
Yes. Yes.
Ohh.
Ohh, boy.
- Tommy, give that to me.
- No. No, it's mine.
- W-Whoa!
- Oh, Tommy.
- My Gorzoth.
- They went in here.
This man will give you
riches as soon as...
Mrs. Goodman, you're
under arrest for murder.
- Oh, she ain't no murderer.
- Oh, okay.
Hey,
what's going on here?
- Uhh.
These homeless people's
trying to get...
These aren't
homeless people.
Huh? That's Mr. Withersby,
the doctor.
When the economy crashed,
I needed your extra money
to pay for my tanning bed.
What? And that's Mr. Plimpton,
the real-estate mogul.
I needed extra money to pay
for my body modifications.
Oh, hey,
what's up, Jill?
I mean, being an astronaut
bought my mansion,
but Linda's money pays
for the pool boys.
So, none of y'all
is homeless?
Nope.
Wait, uh, I-I
actually am homeless.
Here I was, feeling bad,
and none of y'all homeless?
I am. Just 'cause y'all
can't buy your fancy things
don't mean
you can't be happy.
Look at the Goodmans.
This place is a wreck.
They ain't got nothing.
- Well, Linda...
- Nothing!
People gots to start learning
to be happy with what they got.
Yeah, if these people can be
happy with their pathetic lives,
then so can we.
- Yeah!
- They do have nothing.
- That's not true. I have this...
- Gorzoth!
Now I shall open the door
to the riches of the ancients.
Riches? Riches!
Riches, riches!
Hey, uh, how'd you like a job
back at the station? Huh?
I got a big case
that needs unclogging.
- Oh, that'd be great.
- Honey, I'm... home?
Hi, Dad.
Everybody,
come to my house.
Linda gonna cook up
some trash stew.
Wow, first a job
and now a meal?
Now if I could just
find a nice woman.
Mmm.
Maybe  I could help.
Ew.
Riches. Riches.
Now, how do I open the door
to the riches of the ancients?
Place the Gorzoth there.
- Yes.
- Or
how about a visit
to the gift shop?
Key chain? T-Shirt?
Corn dog?
What? No, you idiot.
I want riches.
Riches! Riches!
It worked. The riches,
they're in here.
Huh?
Hey, it's just a bunch of heads.
But in ancient times, heads
were considered very valuable.
Master, your money's no good here.
Well, if you insist.
One jar of pickles...
That will be... 25 heads.
At last, the Gorzoth!
♪ Mr. Pickles ♪
♪ Good boy ♪
♪ Dog ♪
♪ People's best friend ♪
♪ Die ♪
♪ Pickles ♪
Hi Will. Hi Dave.